# GriftlandsExtraCardMod

A mod for Griftlands. Adds some cards with interesting concepts to the game.

It will be constantly updated.

## Install

If you installed the mod before 0.1.0 for some reason, you need to undo all the previous changes.

With the official mod update, you can read about how to set up mods [here](https://forums.kleientertainment.com/forums/topic/116914-early-mod-support/).

1. Find `[user]/AppData/Roaming/Klei/Griftlands/` folder on your computer, or `[user]/AppData/Roaming/Klei/Griftlands_testing/` if you're on experimental. Find the folder with all the autogenerated files, log.txt, and `saves` directory.
2. Create a new folder called `mods` if you haven't already.
3. Clone this repository into that folder.
4. The `modinit.lua` file should be under `.../mods/[insert_repo_name_here]`.
5. Volia! Now the mod should work.

## What changes are added to the game?

* New negotiation and battle cards! Some are very mild, but others push the limit on what's possible to do in the game. They don't have amazing art, because I just used the art from other cards in the game already.
* New cards will show up in Sal and Rook's campaign.
* New unlock packs!
* Errata to existing mechanics.
* That's about it.

## Supported versions

This mod works for Griftlands Alpha(Update 10) and Griftlands Experimental, probably. I won't guarentee it works for future versions of the game.

## Disclaimer

In case it isn't obvious, I don't own Griftlands and all the assets used for the custom cards. They belong to Klei.
